data/teams/presidency-portal-for-informal-events.md, before:

---
templateKey: team
teamName: Presidency Portal for Informal Events
teamMembers: 'Anastasios Tsimpas and Sandra Zivkovic '
picture: /img/tsimpas.jpg
---
Every 6 months a different member (MS) state holds the Rotating Presidency of the Council of the European Union. The MS holding the Presidency generally hosts local 'informal' events in their capital or other locations. The number of informal events organised during one Presidency period of 6 months varies between 200-350.

To organise and manage these informal events, each Presidency MS currently needs to invest in the interfacing of (new or existing) accreditation platforms, an event management platform and a platform for sharing with the invitees or participants documents on the informal event, agendas and other practical info. The latter platforms is what we call the 'Presidency Portal for Informal events'.

Anastasios Tsimpas is an IT manager at the General Secretariat of the Council (GSC) since 2013. In this capacity he is responsible for modernising the core systems of the GSC in areas like content and process management, identity and access management and translation management - among others. He was previously engaged as a scientific project leader in the Joint Research Center (JRC) and as an open-source solution architect in the European Union Intellectual Property Office (EUIPO). He has also extensive multinational experience in the private IT sector. Anastasios holds a MSc from Bristol University and a BSc from Newcastle University and practices kitesurfing, scuba diving and sailing during his free time.



Sandra Zivkovic graduated in law at the Vienna University in 2015 and worked at different courts and in a law firm specializing in administrative and constitutional law. Joining the Federal Ministry for Europe, Integration and Foreign Affairs in 2017 she worked in the Security Policy Department and since January 2018, she is PPI Coordinator in the Executive Secretariat for the Austrian Presidency of the Council of the EU in 2018.

Commit message:

feat(Teams): update Teams “presidency-portal-for-informal-events” (#328)
Automatically generated. Merged on Netlify CMS.

data/teams/presidency-portal-for-informal-events.md, after:

---
templateKey: team
teamName: Presidency Portal for Informal Events
teamMembers: >-
  Anastasios Tsimpas, Council of the EU and Sandra Zivkovic, Austrian Presidency
  of the Council of the EU 
picture: /img/tsimpas.jpg
---
Every 6 months a different member (MS) state holds the Rotating Presidency of the Council of the European Union. The MS holding the Presidency generally hosts local 'informal' events in their capital or other locations. The number of informal events organised during one Presidency period of 6 months varies between 200-350.

To organise and manage these informal events, each Presidency MS currently needs to invest in the interfacing of (new or existing) accreditation platforms, an event management platform and a platform for sharing with the invitees or participants documents on the informal event, agendas and other practical info. The latter platforms is what we call the 'Presidency Portal for Informal events'.

Anastasios Tsimpas is an IT manager at the General Secretariat of the Council (GSC) since 2013. In this capacity he is responsible for modernising the core systems of the GSC in areas like content and process management, identity and access management and translation management - among others. He was previously engaged as a scientific project leader in the Joint Research Center (JRC) and as an open-source solution architect in the European Union Intellectual Property Office (EUIPO). He has also extensive multinational experience in the private IT sector. Anastasios holds a MSc from Bristol University and a BSc from Newcastle University and practices kitesurfing, scuba diving and sailing during his free time.



Sandra Zivkovic graduated in law at the Vienna University in 2015 and worked at different courts and in a law firm specializing in administrative and constitutional law. Joining the Federal Ministry for Europe, Integration and Foreign Affairs in 2017 she worked in the Security Policy Department and since January 2018, she is PPI Coordinator in the Executive Secretariat for the Austrian Presidency of the Council of the EU in 2018.
